Docs: Update release process in contributing.md (#317)
gee-community/qgis-earthengine-plugin: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you have any questions or need assistance, feel free to reach out by creating an [issue](https://github.com/gee-community/qgis-earthengine-plugin/issues) or adding a post in the [Discussions](https://github.com/gee-community/qgis-earthengine-plugin/discussions).

## Release Process

When preparing a new release, follow these steps:

> 1. Update the version number in the `metadata.txt` file and any other relevant locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the version number in `ee_plugin/metadata.txt` and any other relevant locations.
```

> 2. Update the `CHANGELOG.md` file with a summary of changes since the last release.

Reviewer: Does this project have a CHANGELOG? Not seeing it...

> 3. Tag the release

Reviewer: Recommend including _how_ this is done.

> 4. Build the plugin package for distribution, verifying the `ext_libs` don't contain dev dependencies: `paver package`

Reviewer: Can we add an example of how to do this?

> 5. Uploading the new release version to the QGIS Plugin Manager, ensuring metadata and version compatibility are correctly set in the `metadata.txt` file. Currently, maintainers (@gena or @zacdezgeo) must take this step. If it is a new version, QGIS maintainers must review and approve the upload, which can take several days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Upload the new release version to the QGIS Plugin Manager, ensuring metadata and version compatibility are correctly set in the `metadata.txt` file. Currently, maintainers (@gena or @zacdezgeo) must take this step. If it is a new version, QGIS maintainers must review and approve the upload, which can take several days.
```

Reviewer: > ensuring metadata and version compatibility are correctly set in the `metadata.txt` file

What does this mean?  Should it be the following?
```suggestion
5. Uploading the new release version to the QGIS Plugin Manager. Ensure release metadata and version match the values set in the `metadata.txt` file. Currently, maintainers (@gena or @zacdezgeo) must take this step. If it is a new version, QGIS maintainers must review and approve the upload, which can take several days.
```

Reviewer: Recommend linking to QGIS Plugin Manager.
```diff
-5. Uploading the new release version to the QGIS Plugin Manager, ensuring metadata and version compatibility are correctly set in the `metadata.txt` file. Currently, maintainers (@gena or @zacdezgeo) must take this step. If it is a new version, QGIS maintainers must review and approve the upload, which can take several days.
+5. Uploading the new release version to the [QGIS Plugin Manager](TODO: ADD LINK), ensuring metadata and version compatibility are correctly set in the `metadata.txt` file. Currently, maintainers (@gena or @zacdezgeo) must take this step. If it is a new version, QGIS maintainers must review and approve the upload, which can take several days.
```

> 6. Announce the release in the repository’s Releases with the ZIP of the plugin section.

Reviewer: Not sure what this means exactly. Is it to create a new Github Release?
